[Azure sentinal] Add limit parameter (#30124)
demisto/content: Packs/AzureSentinel/ReleaseNotes/1_5_25.md

#### Integrations

##### Microsoft Sentinel

> - Added `limit` parameter to configure the maximum incidents to fetch in **fetch-incidents** command, and set the default value from 50 to 20.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added the *limit* parameter to configure the maximum number of incidents to fetch in ***fetch-incidents*** command, and reset the default value from 50 to 20.
```
